```c++
class Solution {
public:
    string reverseVowels(string s) {
        unordered_set<char> vowels = {'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', 'u', 'A', 'E', 'I', 'O', 'U'};
        int left = 0;
        int right = s.size()-1;
        
        while (left < right) {
            while (left < s.size() && vowels.find(s[left]) == vowels.end()) {
                left++;
            }
           
            if (left == s.size()) {
                break;
            }
            while (right >= 0 && vowels.find(s[right]) == vowels.end()) {
                right--;
            }
            if (left < right) { 
                swap(s[left], s[right]);
                left++;
                right--;
            }
        }
        return s;
    }
};
```

In this problem, I receive a string `s` consisting of vowels and consonants. I need to identify the vowels in the string and change their positions in the array. The string can contain both lowercase vowels and uppercase vowels.

I need to return my answer as a string containing the entire string with the vowels changed as required.

If I was to describe the steps needed to solve this algorithm, I would first initialize my variables, then I would iterate through the string `s` until the `left` and `right` indices meet or exceed each other, and I would finally return my answer.

So, let's take the steps one at a time.
First, I need to initialize my variables:

In this step I declared 3 initial variables:
--- `vowels` which defines an unordered set of characters containing all vowels, both lowercase and uppercase
--- `left` which is the left pointer placed at the beginning of the string
--- `right` which is the right pointer placed at the end of the string

Next, I need to iterate through the string until `left` and `right` meet or exceed each other.

I will use a `while` loop for this step. This `while` loop works as long as `left` is smaller than `right`. Meaning, as long as `left` and `right` haven't met or exceeded each other.
If `left` is bigger or equal to `right`, that means that `left` has reached the end of the string and the loop stops. *{astea sunt while si if pana la break}*

I used a `while` loop to verify if `left` is at the beginning of the string. This loop checks if there are vowels at the beginning of the string and it repeats until it finds a vowel. This `while` loop keeps incremeting `left` until it finds a vowel.
If `left` has reached the end of the string, meaning `left = s.size()` the loop stops because there are no more characters in the string.

Then, I move `right` to the left on `s` until I find a vowel, or I reach the beginning of the string. *{asta ii while cu right pana la ultimul if}*

In my last `if` condition, I check if `left` is still smaller than `right`, in which case I found 2 vowels which need to be reversed. I used the `swap()` function from the `STL` library to reverse the 2 vowels. 

`swap()` can be used to exchange values between two variables, regardless of their type, as long as that data type allows the operation of assignment. That is, assigning a value to a variable of that type.
After reversing the vowels I need to increment `left` and decrement `right` to continue traversing the string.

After all vowels have been reversed, the algorithm returns the modified string.

To conclude, `reverseVowels()` provides an efficient solution for reversing vowels in a string. Using an iterative approach and an efficient container for storing vowels, this function can handle strings of any size and provides a correct and efficient result.

Now, let's run and submit this code. Remember that every problem has multiple solutions, and each implementation could be more efficient.