___________________________________________
nu este in cursul de 75 dar daca este facuta o vom folosi pentru youtube sa facem prezentare si daca vor mai multe sa intre pe curs
___________________________________________


```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    bool repeatedSubstringPattern(string s) {
        string doubled = s + s;
        string modified = doubled.substr(1, doubled.size() - 2);
        return modified.find(s) != string::npos;
    }
};
```

In this problem we have a string `s` , and we check if it can be constructed by taking a substring of it and appending multiple copies of the substring together.

I need to return `true`, if I find this repeating pattern or `false`, if I don't find the repeating sequence. So I'll need to write a function that returns a boolean response.

To determine if a string `s` can be constructed by taking a substring of it and appending multiple copies of the substring together, we need to check if there is a non-trivial repeated pattern within the string. One efficient way to achieve this is by using a string manipulation technique, involving concatenation and substring searching.

Here we have an algorithm, a step-by-step approach to solve this problem:

1. I concatenate the string `s` with itself.
2. I remove the first and the last character of the concatenated string.
3. (step tri) I check if the original string `s` is a substring of the new concatenated string.
If the string `s` is found as a substring in the new modified string, it implies that `s` can be constructed by repeating a substring.

So, let's take the steps one at a time.
1. Concatenation: I concatenate the string `s` with itself.
For this operation, I declare a new string variable `doubled`.
`doubled = s + s`.
If `s` is the string `"abc"`, then `doubled` becomes `"abcabc"`.
So, we got a new string, `modified` from the original string.

2. Modification:
In this step, I remove the first and last character of the concatenated string, I am creating a modified string.
In the new string, I can detect if the original string `s` is composed of repeating patterns without mistakenly (misteicanli) identifying the original string itself as a pattern.
If my string `doubled = "abcabc"` it will have to become `"bcab"`, if I removing his first and last characters.

For this modification, I will use the `substr`(subestiar) method from the string class. To create a new string I will create a new variable `modified`.

`string modified = doubled.substr(1, doubled.size() - 2);`

The `substr` method is a method that returns a subsection of the original string. This method has two parameters: 
the first parameter is 1 and it is the starting index of the subsection
 and the second parameter is the number of characters in the subsection.

In fact, `doubled.substr(1, doubled.size() - 2)` means that a subsection of the `doubled` string, starting at index 1 and of length `doubled.size() - 2` is extracted.
For example, for `doubled = "abcabc"`, `doubled.size()` is 6 because the string has 6 characters. Thus(taz), `doubled.substr(1, 6 - 2)` becomes `doubled.substr(1, 4)`, which returns the string `"bcab"`, so the substring that starts at position 1 of the initial string and has a length of 4 characters. Let's not forget that the first character of a string is at position 0.

3. Check for substring:

If the original string `s` can be found in the modified string, then `s` can be constructed by repeating a substring of itself.

For `𝑠 ="abc"`:
Concatenate: `"abc" + "abc" = "abcabc"`.
Modify: Remove the first and last characters to get `"bcab"`.
Check: `"abc"` is not found in `"bcab"`, so the result is False.

For `𝑠 ="cdecdecde"`:
Concatenate: `"cdecdecde" + "cdecdecde" = "cdecdecdecdecdecde"`.
Modify: Remove the first and last characters to get `"decdecdecdecdecd"`.
Check: `"cdecdecde"` is found in `"decdecdecdecdecd"`, so the result is True.

I return the boolean answer:
`return modified.find(s) != string::npos;`.(npioes)

To check if the string `s` is present in the `modified` string we will use the `find()` function from the string class. This function looks for the first place where the string `s` appears in the `modified` string for this we wrote `modified.find(s)`.
If the string `s` is found, the index of the first occurrence of `s` in modified is returned.
If not found, the method will return `string::npos` which is a static constant representing an invalid value or a "not found" result.

This would be the explanation of the entire code.

If we run the code for the cases for the input data we have we can see the responses returned by our function for example if our input data is "aba" the answer will be false, for input date "cde" the answer will also be false and for the long string "cdecdecde" the answer will be TRUE.

So if we review a little bit what algorithm we made for this problem, we will see that if we receive a string of characters and try to see if it follows a certain standard format, a certain pattern, we will give a True or False answer if we can determine the pattern or not .
I used some functions from the string library that proved to be particularly effective. They allowed me to solve the problem with a limited number of lines of code.